Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Good morning!
- We have children here!
- Alright madam. return to your towel.
- Can I get you a coffee or something?
What’s all that?
Get dressed already.
- We have small kids here.
Please do something!
- Return to your towel madam!
That’s what we’re here for.
Get dressed. let’s go.
- Oh they’re hammered.
Handcuffs and off we go.
- Welcome guys!
- Good afternoon Commissioner
- What have we got here?
- We caught them
stark naked on the beach.
- And what you want me to do?
Get them dressed?
- We got them dressed already
- Take the cuffs off!
- Do you have IDs? Passports?
- Americano's!
Get them to sign and send them off.
- For fucks sake...
- Thank you.
- Pantelis!
- Yeah?
- Some foreigners...
- Come on guys. let's go!
- Hey! What's with
that racket every night?
When Greece becomes
the centre of the world.
Then the only solution
is Lioggos fertilizer.
Lioggos: certified fertilizer
for the new era.
- Come on Manos. it's my house.
- It's traditional man!
I don’t want the bouzouki man!
No bouzouki!
- But Manos. you’re a little
too dogmatic now...
I want a contemporary take
in traditional tunes!
- Alright. we’ll have it.
- Will you?
- Yes. we’ll work on it today
and tomorrow you’ll have it.
- It should have been
ready yesterday. as you know.
- You'll have it and
it will be perfect!
Yesterday!
- Asshole...
- You asshole...
- Manos. can I talk
to you for a minute?
- What you want
to talk about. Argyris?
Did you bring me here so this fucking
Alabama cowboy can make fun of me?
- I really apologize. in two hours
you’re gonna have what you need.
- A good track. in two
hours with this asshole?
- Don’t worry. you’ll have it.
- Ice tea for me please.
- Same for me please.
- Thank you.
- What is little Argyris doing here?
Are you having a poo? A little shit?
- Look at this cute boy taking a dump!
- Come on don't be an asshole.
leave it. My mom framed it.
Come on man. leave it!
- Papagou. mate.
- So what's with the accent?
- What are you drinking. Stephanie?
- Gin Tonic. Wanna try?
- No. no.
- Could it be Jizz Tonic?
- Maybe a Penis Colada?
- Don't worry if you find
anything funny in it.
It's probably just angel hair...
Yeah?
- Merry Christmas!
- Here. have a cigarette.
I don’t understand English.
but please be calm.
Everything will be over soon.
- Wakey-wakey girls. move it!
The court finds the defendant
guilty as charged
and passes a six month sentence.
suspended for three years
as well as a €600 fine.